Hey, babe. Hey.
I got to jump in the shower
and get to La Mirage.
It's the last day of filming.
Wow, I can't believe
- it's already over.
- I know, right?
I mean, we're still
editing and everything,
but yeah,
- it really did just fly by.
- Um...
What time do you think
you'll be home tonight?
Ah, I mean, we're
shooting pretty late,
so I was just gonna
crash at the hotel,
if that's okay.
But hey, how about
we celebrate
the movie wrapping
tomorrow night?
- Okay? Just you and me.
- Yeah.
Yeah, that'll be perfect.
Just us.
- We can celebrate everything.
- Okay.
I can't wait.
Me neither.
Don't you think this
is a little excessive
for just the two of us?
we don't have lobster
Well, to be honest, frittatas
and Golden Reserve
caviar every day,
but I wanted
your first meal
since moving in
to be something special.
- It's delicious.
- I am so thrilled
that we are finally
living under the same roof.
Well, I am equally thrilled,
but I am not sure
that everyone will be.
Does Adam know
that I've moved in?
Not unless you said something.
I haven't told him yet.
Perfect.
It'll be delightful
when he finds out.
Hey, Adam is in a really
good place these days.
He'll be fine.
He's working on some
top secret wonder drug
for Alexam that he claims
will take him to the next level
of... something. Hmm.
I wonder what
- the big secret is.
Oh, yay,
lobster and caviar
for breakfast.
Oh, wow,
Amanda for breakfast.
Don't worry,
- I'm almost finished. Good.
I don't know how early
you had to leave Alexis's
just to get over here
for a free breakfast,
but, uh, let's not to make a
habit out of it, all right?
Well, actually, maybe
you should get used to it,
seeing as how
I-I live here now.
Oh, uh, could I get some more
of that French jam,
please?
- Thank you.
- I'm sorry, What?
Oh, it is this amazing jam
that they flew in from France.
No, I know about the jam.
- She's kidding, right?
- Of course not.
It's wonderful news,
- isn't it?
- Would you like to join us?
It's bad enough I have to see
you at the hospital every day.
So what? You just gonna be
here all the time?
Well, maybe
you could move out
whenever you want.
I actually think everyone
would help you pack.
That's enough, both of you!
- She started it.
- He started it.
I'm finishing it.
Now, be the adults
that I know the
both of you are
and please, try to get along.
You're lucky he saved you.
Oh, were you going to
kill me with carbs?
Please.
I'm here to stay.
Hey.
Hey, man, welcome back.
How'd it, um...
how'd it go in Venezuela?
It was a rough few days.
Even though I only knew
Daniel for a little while,
it was still painful
to say goodbye.
- Thanks for asking, buddy.
- Yeah, yeah, of course, man.
I see you're still
- working on your movie.
- Yeah. We, uh,
we actually finish
shooting tonight.
We're filming
the final scene,
when Lionel finally
wins over Farrah.
I remember that
pretty well.
When you made your move
and basically stole
Fallon from Culhane.
I didn't steal Fallon
from Culhane.
Maybe Lionel didn't,
but Liam did.
What are you talking about?
When Liam kept manipulating
ways to get Fallon alone,
and then he told her
he loved her
while she was still
engaged to Culhane.
And then... Okay, okay.
I get it, and why do you
remember all these details?
Are you writing a book
about my life?
Because I already did that.
What's past is past.
That's why
it's called "the past."
True love won,
and it was clearly
the best thing for everyone.
So, you're allowed
a little creative license.
- That's not what's happening.
- Just forget I brought it up, okay?
I'm sure
whatever you wrote
is exactly
how it happened...
Lionel.
I'm so happy the two of you
said yes to breakfast.
- It was my pleasure.
- I wasn't really sensing a choice.
It is important to me that
the two most significant people
in my life
get to know
one another.
the day off so we could be
I even gave the staff alone
to connect on a deeper level.
That sounds creepy.
Well, I love that idea
and I'm happy
to do the dishes.
That is so sweet.
And ridiculous.
The staff will be happier
to do them tomorrow.
So, Fallon, if half of
what your mother says
about you is true,
you are a remarkable person.
I don't think half
of what my mother says
about anything is true.
Fallon.
You have had your face
buried in that phone
since you got here.
The Wordle can't
be that hard.
Hmm?
Oh. No, I got some
big news this morning
and I have to make
an appointment
with my... accountant
to, uh, confirm it.
So...
Oh.
Well, I'm
not looking to
overstep boundaries,
but I do run a relatively
successful hedge fund.
So, I know my way around
money if you need help.
Mmm.
I love the boundaries.
How about you stay
on your side of breakfast
and I'll stay on mine?
Maybe we should do
this another time. No.
Ooh, agreed.
Let's pencil something
in for two months from now.
That way, I can easily erase
it when you are no longer around.
I'm sorry, but he feels
a little more
boy toy than boyfriend
right now.
Fallon Morell Carrington...
Oh, that's fine.
You can be
mad at me,
but I'm the only one
looking out for you.
I know guys like him,
and I know you.
You two will be bored
of each other in two weeks.
Well, that was worse
than expected.
I think I'm going to go.
No, Dex, please.
I don't want you to leave.
I think it's for the best.
I spent a winter in Antarctica
and it wasn't this cold.
Well, maybe we could
have dinner tonight?
I promise, Fallon
will not be there.
I'm flying out of town
tomorrow and I have a lot to do.
Tell Fallon I said goodbye.
If she notices I'm gone.
I've been looking for you.
I did not think
to look in my chair.
final details for the airport
Just, uh, going over some opening.
I can't believe it's
only two weeks away.
I'm so excited
that we're doing this
together, as equal partners.
I can feel the corporate
tycoon energy
- racing through my veins.
- Well, I don't want to be
a blood clot,
but I have some bad news.
We failed yesterday's
inspection,
because our radar tower
wasn't up to code.
- So now what?
- Well, if we don't get
proper certification
this week,
we'll have to postpone
our opening.
Flores board is breathing down
No, we can't do that. The
my neck
to prove that their sizable
investment in the merger
was worth the risk.
Well, I can try
to grease some palms,
but most of them are currently
giving me the middle finger.
I'll look into some
possible solutions as well.
I didn't realize that you knew
people that build radar towers.
I don't know people
who build radar towers.
But I need our airport
to open on schedule,
so I will find some.
Well, thank you for
squeezing me in.
Okay, I'll see you
this afternoon.
Whoa!
Why are you all up
in my face?
Also, you should call
Dr. Gellar and have that
frown line taken care of.
Where's your
gentleman caller?
Dex left because of
your bitchy attitude.
I told you
I was too busy for
breakfast this morning.
I have a lot going on
and there was something
that I needed
- to take care of.
- Like what?
Like...
I don't like
your vibe right now,
so maybe
it's not a good time.
Oh, you are impossible.
You know,
I need to go find Dex
and apologize
before he leaves town.
Good, don't let me stop you.
Hi, there.
We're here to service
your refrigerator?
Oh, right. Freon leak?
Actually, what is freon?
I read it was dangerous.
Or was that radon?
No, it's freon.
Freon is the dangerous one.
Be quiet and nobody gets hurt.
Looks like freon is the least
of our worries right now.
I have a bad feeling
about this.
I would rather try to bribe
the Governor of Georgia,
who I know hates me,
- than come here for help.
- I've done the research.
This is our only shot
to fix the radar tower
without delays.
Unless you have
another solution
- you're not telling me about.
- No. No, I don't.
But since we're here,
just let me do all the talking.
Huh, Blake, Cristal.
Nice to see you.
I'd say I'm sorry
to have kept you waiting,
but you two left my husband
and I waiting naked
in a hotel room,
so I'm not that sorry.
You're right.
We should have said
something before we left.
We were intrigued
by your offer for a joint
experience together,
but got nervous
and handled it poorly.
I guess I shouldn't be
that surprised.
Blake was much more
bark than bite in college.
Though we really were into
some biting that night.
Okay, Sonya.
I think you've milked
the awkwardness enough.
Can we just get on with it?
We know that your company
does large-scale
electrical work,
including building and
installing radar towers.
Now, we don't need
a new one built,
but we do need one brought up
to code... in a week.
All right.
Henry and I
would be glad to help.
- Great.
- But if you need it that fast,
it's gonna come
with a mark-up.
How much?
300 percent.
What?! Are you insane?
Oh, this is just punishment
for us not biting.
Believe me, I would love
to punish you, Blake.
And if you'd stayed
that night, you'd know.
But this is business.
And rush jobs are costly.
Look, why don't you guys
take the day to think about
it?
The day?
And then,
come to our house tonight
for a little party
and we can talk.
It's going to be a wonderful
evening of fun and games.
All we want
is the jewelry
you got from Cartier.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
You posted your shopping trip
on your social media feed
and narrated the whole thing.
You did what?
Have you learned nothing
from the Kardashians?
My followers expect
bold content.
I don't post boring pictures
of my feet by the pool.
Okay, well,
maybe if you did,
we wouldn't have a gun
pointed at us right now.
Shut your mouths.
This isn't couples therapy.
Give me your phones
and get on the floor.
Tie their hands
behind their backs.
Oh, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
I have a lot going on,
so will you just let me know
if I get any calls or texts?
Okay.
So here's the thing...
- Follow me!
- Whoa.
Why are you here
and when are you leaving?
The hospital's
insurance carrier
needs the legal department
to review these cases
to make sure they're
consistent with recent changes
in insurance law.
Shouldn't take you too long.
You're slamming me with
needless busywork.
How juvenile.
How you.
You know,
you may be
untouchable at home,
but here at the hospital,
I'm chief of staff,
and I make the rules.
So if you don't want to play
by them, you can just quit.
It really would make
life more pleasurable
for the both of us.
Or maybe just me.
You're very funny.
And quite sad.
But, um...
I absolutely won't quit
and I can handle anything
you throw at me.
So... Oh, sister,
you haven't even
seen me throw yet.
Bring the rest in.
You cannot be serious.
Well,
I should let you
get back to work.
You have a lot on your plate.
There is no way
we are attending Sonya
and Henry's "night of fun,"
which is obviously just
their way of saying "orgy."
We are out of options, Blake.
Either we go to the party
or we postpone
the airport opening,
which we can't afford to do.
I don't care.
I am done with
those two hedonists.
We don't have
to have sex with them
to get a better price.
We just have to show up.
Sonya is challenging us
to see if we're scared.
It's all a mind game.
Besides...
I have been dying to wear
this new outfit.
And Sexfest 2022 seems like
the perfect place for it.
I have a better idea.
Why don't you put
that on here
and then I will eagerly
take it off of you.
Interesting.
I'll put it on for you,
but you can't take it off
until we get to the orgy.
I'm kidding.
But wear something
super sexy just in case.
We don't want to stand out
for the wrong reasons.
We'll be safe in here.
It's my panic room.
Did you say panic room
or day spa?
What? I installed all
the essentials in case
I ever needed to seek refuge.
I wanted to put in a hot tub,
but the condo board
- was completely unyielding.
- Okay, so I'm just curious.
Now that you have
locked us in here,
how and when
do we get out?
Easy.
I push this security button
which sounds the alarm
and calls the police.
Butch and Sundance out there
will realize they need to leave
and we can walk out
when they do.
Please tell me
it's a silent alarm.
It is not.
I know you're in there.
Very clever.
That's right.
The police have been called
and are on their way.
We cut the phone wires
as soon as we got here,
so the police are not coming.
Especially since
we have your phones.
And we're not leaving
until we get what we came for.
So tell us where
the jewelry is...
...or settle in
while we search the place. Tell them.
No.
Okay, your funeral.
I'll only need a minute
of the chief of staff's
valuable time.
Come in.
If you've come to resign,
I will need it in writing.
Uh... No, you know,
verbal will be fine.
You know what?
Just a simple head nod
and we're good.
You've misdiagnosed
the situation, Doctor.
As usual. I'm not quitting.
- Then get out.
- Unfortunately, there has been a leak
in the confidential
hospital files, so,
Legal is gonna
need to check
every computer to
determine the culprit.
No need. Obviously,
I would never do such a thing.
Don't touch my computer.
Uh, I'm sure that you're
telling the truth.
I mean, there is
obviously a first time
for everything. But
we'll snatch it up
anyway to make sure
- you're not hiding anything.
- This is preposterous.
You can't do this.
Well, you can
take it up with Legal.
Oh, wait, that's me.
Motion denied.
Shall we?
You what? That pressing
is getting really annoying.
And I am starting to feel
a little claustrophobic in here.
Come on.
Hey, Instagram star,
we haven't found...
...the jewelry,
but we did find your safe.
So, combination, please?
Sure, left, go to hell,
right, choke on it.
What is the matter with you?
No piece of jewelry is worth
getting killed over.
Easy for you to say
- when it's not your jewelry.
- You know what?
On second thought, maybe
it's better if I do getkilled.
That way, I won't have
to spend another hour
in this room with someone
as selfish as you.
I am your mother.
Are there no bounds
to your rudeness?
Fine.
07, 24, 08.
What is that?
The date I divorced
your father.
Oh, that's charming.
So, which bottle of wine
pairs best with a home
invasion?
- Not in the mood to drink.
- Wow.
That's the first time I've
ever heard you said that.
But the more I think about it,
I don't think
I'm gonna drink, either.
Hey.
There's nothing in the safe
but costume jewelry.
Tell us where
the real piece is.
Over my dead body!
All right.
Just to be clear, she said
over her dead body, not mine.
We're not leaving without
what we came for.
We need to get
out of here,
I have a crucial
appointment this afternoon
that I cannot miss.
Oh, you think
I don't need to leave?
I need to go find Dex
and apologize before he leaves
the country
for the next three weeks.
I am not telling
them a thing!
What do you think
is gonna happen?
Do you think that the robbers
are just gonna get bored
and they're gonna move on?
Or do you think that
they've booked another
home invasion appointment
on a different floor?
They'll leave if they think
the police are coming.
But they know that
the police aren't coming.
Well, then we need
to fix that, don't we?
Everybody got my
rewritten scene, right?
Uh, yeah,
we all got them... But?
But Nina wants to shoot
it the way that it was.
That's not gonna to happen.
UH, you can take
it up with Nina,
but I don't think
she's gonna change her mind.
Which one do you like better?
The old one or the new one?
I'm just the producer.
Okay, my job is to keep
things on schedule
and not go over budget.
So if Nina wants to
shoot it this way,
then I'm perfectly
fine with that.
Yeah, of course you are.
All right,
maybe you don't
like the rewrite
because Cutler is
acting super shady
and unworthy of Farrah's love.
Which is clearly why
she runs to Lionel.
Okay.
If it were up to me,
which it is not,
I would say we shoot
the good version,
which is the original.
Like I said, you can
take it up with Nina,
but she wants
to shoot this one.
Now what're you gonna shoot?
Very mature,
but you know we have
other copies.
It was symbolic.
Let's get this over with.
Relax, we're
gonna be fine.
And you look hot.
Well, thank you,
but remember, we agreed.
We're not getting involved
in any of Sonya's
sex-crazed fantasies.
The second someone
asks for lubricant,
we are out the door.
Uh-oh.
What the hell?
I think we're
a little undressed.
Welcome to our night of fun.
I love what you're
both wearing.
Makes me wish I was wearing
a little less.
We thought...
Never mind.
SONYA:Great.
So, game night's
about to start.
Shall we make our way
to the living room?
Hello.
Kirby. Hi!
Welcome home.
Thank you so much for coming.
I got your text when I got
off the plane from Milan
and came straight here.
I really appreciate it.
I'm assuming you want
to talk about the, uh...
the kiss, right?
Well, I mean, you're
with Charlie, so we can just
forget that ever happened.
Okay...
So what do you
need me for, then?
I hope it has nothing to do
with the mountains
of paper in here.
'Cause, technically,
I didn't finish high school.
Well, actually,
it is related, 'cause Adam
is trying to bury me
so that I quit or am fired.
So, I need to fight back.
He's working on this new
top secret drug project
and I found these cryptic
exchanges on his computer
between him and
the Customs Commissioner,
and also certain Google
searches which imply
that he has imported
a drug illegally.
Okay, whoa, whoa. Slow down.
I'm still on Italy time.
You hacked his computer?
Well, no, no,
I'm not Jeff Colby.
But I had security take it.
I mean, I had my suspicions
that he was doing
something illegal.
I mean, considering
he stole his last formula
from the other doctor,
but this...
this is way worse
than I imagined.
I'm still waiting
- for the me part.
- Right.
Um, I'm hoping that you
could go and talk to Adam
in his lab and,
you know, find out what
and where this
illegal substance is.
Altolà, altol.
You want me to spy
on my ex-boyfriend?
That's why you texted me?
Siì?
This sibling feud is
ridiculous and out of control,
and I don't want
any part of it.
But if Adam gets his way,
I... I could be deported.
And-and-and
I could lose my job
and be forced
to go back to the UK.
Well, I don't want to see you
get deported.
Me neither.
Fine.
I'll see what
I can find out.
But I'm not
promising anything.
Of course not.
I really appreciate it.
This is the night of fun
and games?
Looks like fun to me.
Getting that radar
tower deal done
is business, not fun.
I didn't come here
to play kids' games.
No.
It looks like you both
are dressed
to play adult games,
if you ask me.
Is Henry around?
While you guys are
playing candy cones,
maybe he and I
can hash out a deal.
Henry's around somewhere.
But what if there's
an opportunity
right here for you to get
what you want.
Yeah? Well, how many people
- do I have to sleep with?
- Blake.
One game. You win, you get
your tower at cost,
plus two years
of free maintenance.
I win, you pay me
400 percent over cost.
The price went up?
What's the game?
Well, I like high stakes
mind games.
But they're not
for everyone.
I thrive on high stakes
mind games.
What is it, huh?
Liar's Poker?
Ace tres?
Murder?
Rock Paper Scissors.
Are you sure about this?
Nobody outsmarts
Blake Carrington.
Let's do this.
I'm ready to rock.
Or am I ready to scissor?
Patience.
Let me explain
how we do it here.
We use gold, silk,
and katana swords.
Gold bashes katana.
Katana slices silk.
And silk covers gold.
And the winner gets
to keep the gold.
Would you, uh,
give us a second?
Sonya's choosing the sword.
She'd feel more powerful
slicing with it.
She probably knows
you're telling me
that right now.
No, I've got this, okay?
I've known her
way longer than you.
But I know how she thinks.
Let's do this.
Rock. Paper. Scissors.
Ha!
I win.
You lose.
Thanks for coming.
Is now really the time
to celebrate with some wine?
I thought you and
I were coming up
with a plan
to get these guys out of here.
No one is having wine.
This is the plan.
Come on, help me move this.
Is this really a plan
or am I just
- helping you redecorate?
- Here.
Okay. Now, crank
the tanning bed up to high.
But, like, bacon-crisper high.
And then, with a little luck,
it will trigger the alarm
- on the wine fridge.
- And then, what?
The wine police will come?
Oh, we can play the alarm
over the intercom.
And they'll think we got
the alarm going again.
But what if they know
it's not the police alarm?
You think these idiots
know the difference?
I'm pretty sure
they don't own
a $25,000 wine fridge.
Why do you have a $25,000
wine fridge in your panic
room?
Mmm.
Crap! We got to go.
Just grab what you can.
Hello?
Mr. Robbers?
I'll tell you where
the diamond is now.
Hello?
- They're gone.
- I have to say,
- I am very impressed with you.
- Mmm.
Now, let's get the hell
out of here.
Is there some secret way
to open this thing?
It's a door, Fallon. No.
- Uh-oh.
- What "uh-oh"?
The door and the phone
must use the same power source,
which they cut,
so we're locked in.
Now I'm less
impressed with you.
Woo!
Hey, stranger.
Stranger is right.
What are you doing
- here, Kirby?
- My iPad died
on my flight back from Milan,
and I just...
I don't know.
I just wanted to check in,
make sure our friendship
is still solid.
That's so thoughtful.
But the timing is odd,
considering the fact that
we're not really friendsanymore.
So, if you don't mind...
Right, you're busy.
I can feel the science
happening in here.
Are you working on something
new and exciting?
I am developing
an antiaging injectable
which is going to be revolutionary.
That sounds amazing. Is there
a, uh, secret ingredient?
Indeed there is.
It's in these bottles?
Yeah.
What is it?
You promise not
to tell anyone?
Of course I promise.
Okay, but this
stays between us.
All right?
The secret ingredient
is a tropical plant called
"how stupid do you think I
am?"
Oh.
That was...
It was for me,
not the name.
Somebody sent you here
- to spy on me.
- What?
You're being paranoid,
silly Billy.
God, you are not a good spy.
Um, so, who sent you?
- Jeff? Alexis?
- Wow.
You really do have
a lot of enemies.
So it's neither
of those, so...
Was it Amanda?
Kirby, why are you
working for that monster?
Monster?
Amanda isn't the monster.
You're the one
trying to fire her
and get her deported.
Uh, first of all,
I can't fire her.
And even if I could,
her visa isn't
connected to her job.
She has American parents.
So she can't get deported.
So she lied to manipulate
you to do this.
So who's the monster?
Oh, did you speak to Adam?
Yes, and we need to talk.
Oh, I know. I've been dying
to call you,
but I didn't want to just
in case you were still with him.
So, did you find out anything?
Uh, well, I found out
the secret ingredient
he uses is locked in
a high-tech refrigerator.
Is that it or...
- is there anything else?
- I learned that you're a liar
who tried to manipulate me
by making me feel bad for you.
I also learned that your
visa has nothing to do
with your job, and, yeah,
- I think that was about it.
- Look,
I'm-I-m so sorry,
Kirby. I-I...
I shouldn't have said that.
I was panicking
and I needed help
and it kind of came out.
Mmm, yeah. Well,
even if I believed you
which I don't,
it's nothing compared to
what you did to me
the night I left for Milan.
Uh, I'm sorry,
what I did to you?
From what I recall,
you're the one that kissed me.
Only because you were
going on and on about
how you had these feelings
for me and I was confused.
But I'm done with
your stupid feud with Adam.
I have had enough drama
with him. And you.
Oh.
And I did learn
one more thing tonight.
Kissing you was
a huge mistake.
Did you just bring me
in here to humiliate me
in the weirdest way possible?
No. I was testing a theory
about my instincts.
And I was right.
They're great. Kudos.
Glad I could help.
The problem is that Blake
didn't trust
my instincts tonight,
so now we're stuck
with a horrible deal
for the radar tower.
He refuses to pay Sonya's
price, meaning that the opening
of our airport
will definitely be delayed.
I didn't understand
about 50 percent
of what you just said to me,
but I can relate to having
a difficult business partner.
Alexis?
I'm pretty sure everyone
saw that one coming.
Yeah, and I'm busting my ass
trying to fund a project
at Alexam just to get
her approval.
Why are you self-funding?
You and Alexis
are on good terms.
We're on great terms
and technically,
we're partners, but...
...she has all the power,
I guess.
It's like you and Blake.
Only one of you
has real control.
I haven't really
looked at it that way.
Thank you, Adam.
Oh, I didn't know I was
being helpful, but sure.
I'm not an electrician,
but I'm pretty sure
the power to the door
won't just turn on.
This cannot be happening.
What about Liam?
Won't he wonder where you are?
He'll come here,
turn the power on
and let us out.
No, no. Liam's spending
the night at La Mirage.
Oh...
Another big fight?
Makes sense.
What? No. We're great.
And we're about
to be even greater.
He's just... he's
spending the night there
because he's shooting the
movie and it makes more sense
for him to stay
- there than come home.
- Right.
Sure. Okay.
Well, Dex won't be
looking for me
- because he's leaving town.
- Yes, yes.
I know. You've told me
about 90 times.
No need to snap.
I'm just saying
we are trapped here tonight
until my staff comes
in the morning.
At least they didn't
get this.
I could kill you.
I should kill you.
You've had that the whole
time?
You could've given that to
them and we would be out of here.
But you care about possessions
more than you care about people.
Some things never change.
If you'd let me explain... No, I'm not gonna
let you do anything.
I may be stuck here with you,
but that doesn't mean
I have to look at you
or hear you.
Fallon, uh...
Good night.
Picking up some extra cash?
I'm just
trying to help out
where I can.
You know, I can't help it.
I'm a giver.
So principal
photography is over.
Does it always go by
- so quickly?
- Pretty much.
These indie shoots
just fly by.
It's funny that
you mention that.
I was thinking,
maybe we slow things
down just a bit.
You know, shoot my version
- of the scene from last night.
- Liam,
you can bring me breakfast,
lunch and dinner.
It's not gonna change the fact
that we already wrapped.
Yeah, but have you considered
maybe unwrapping?
That's not a thing.
And I heard about
your tantrum last night,
which sounded wildly unprofessional.
Okay, that was just
frustration with Culhane
for not supporting my vision.
We need to show
the audience that Lionel
didn't steal
Farrah from Cutler.
The story works great
as it is, unless...
This has nothing to do with
showing the audience anything,
but is really about you
showing Culhane
you weren't
the real-life villain.
I-I mean...
I assume you two talked
about this.
It's obviously
not the kind of thing
you just ignore and pretend
like it never happened.
No.
Yeah, never.
I don't know, I figured
it was ancient history.
Of course. I forgot.
You're men, who don't talk,
which is why
it's not historical,
but very, very current.
Hello? Is anyone here yet?
Hello?
Oh.
Breakfast?
Caviar-infused protein bar?
FALLON:I never
want to hear the word
breakfast ever again.
We wouldn't be trapped
in here right now
if you hadn't insisted
I have breakfast
with your latest boy toy.
You need to stop
- calling him that.
- Oh, I know.
I know, he's not a boy,
but man toy doesn't exactly
roll off the tongue.
He's not any kind of toy.
He's special to me.
That's why I wanted
the two of you to bond.
And because...
well, I was going
to propose to him
before he left town.
With this ring.
That's why I
- wouldn't give it up.
- Fine.
That almost makes
sense, but...
I mean, why did you have
to propose to him last night?
You just met the guy,
not counting, you know,
when he had a crush
on you 20 years ago.
Why couldn't you have just
waited till he got back in
town?
I love Dex.
I do.
But I'm afraid
I'm going to lose him,
like I lose everyone
who's important to me.
You've come and gone.
Amanda moved out.
Jeff is too busy for me.
What if I end up alone?
You can't marry someone
just because
you're afraid to be alone.
You'll still be alone,
just with the other person.
Dex is the only one
that I've got now.
And...
I was hoping to
make us forever
before he had second thoughts.
But he's gone now, so...
When we get out of here,
I need to get on a plane
and go find him.
This can't all be for nothing.
I'm here to renegotiate.
You can't renegotiate
just because you
don't like the terms.
That was Blake's deal.
I'm here to make my own.
With you. Woman to woman.
I don't feel incentivized.
Although, we could
play a game for it.
This isn't a game.
It's my business.
And I know your company
is the only one
that can do this
for us in time.
But I expect you to do it
for a fair price.
In exchange, you'll get
first bidding rights
on all future projects.
PPA is just one small piece
of the Flores empire.
I'm surprised to see
this side of you, Cristal.
I thought of you more
as a backseat driver.
Oh, I'm in
the front seat, Sonya.
I'm the one who brought
the power and money
to the merger with PPA.
So, are you ready
to make a deal with me?
Hey...
I heard there was a power
failure at the Alexam lab.
I Sure hope it didn't ruin
anything that needed, say...
refrigeration.
Nice try.
But I moved my ingredients
to another refrigeration source
to keep them
from being destroyed.
So... Sorry, Sis. You failed.
Did I?
'Cause I just can't help
but wonder where you moved
your secret ingredient to.
No doubt somewhere with
a medical grade refrigerator.
Huh! Like this one.
Um...
You-you shouldn't...
Yeah, caref
You can come in now.
This must be
the Bokocho extract
I read so
much about in your emails.
Well, yeah.
You can't prove that.
There's, uh...
There's no label.
Oh, we'll have it tested.
Seeing it is illegal to
possess, I must warn you
that this could get us
into serious trouble
with the FDA.
And once the board
learns about
your breach of ethics
and the law,
it's likely gonna cost you
your chief of staff position.
You didn't want to destroy
my supply, did you?
No, no, no.
I just needed you
to bring it here.
After all, I'm not a monster.
Listen to me.
We are going to be okay.
- You don't know that.
- Talk to me.
Maybe tell me why you
were distracted and rude
at breakfast yesterday.
You want to know?
Well...
I think I might be pregnant.
Fallon, that's fantastic news!
All right.
Calm down, Grandma.
It's been like five minutes.
I wanted to wait
till I went to the doctor
to confirm before I told Liam,
but clearly,
that did not happen.
So, Liam doesn't
know, but I do?
Okay, I promise
I won't say a word.
No, it's fine.
It's fine.
I was gonna tell him
once I knew for sure,
but I'm glad that you know.
You are?
Yeah.
I mean, you're gonna be
a big part of this baby's
life.
And I know that you think
everybody hates you
and has abandoned you,
but I'm still here.
And Amanda will cool off.
And I have forgiven you
many, many times... Okay, what's your point?
My point is, maybe you should
learn to forgive yourself.
Right? I mean,
you deserve happiness
as much as the next woman.
So if you're gonna
chase after Dex
and you're gonna
propose to him,
then you should be sure
that it's for the right reasons.
I'm sure about Dex.
Hello? Mrs. Colby,
are you home? What happened?
Yes, we're here.
In the panic room.
Access the generator.
The power line's been cut. Okay.
Do you think she's gonna
charge more for cleaning up
ransacking?
The power's on.
You see? When you are patient,
the universe provides.
Or at least
the housekeeper does.
Do you want me to go
- with you to the doctor?
- No.
No, it's just a blood test.
I'll be fine.
Good luck.
And what about you?
Are you gonna go hop on a
plane and chase after Dex,
or are you gonna trust the
universe that you don't have
to?
- You got a minute?
- Are you gonna grab
this menu out of my hand
and rip it in half?
I am not. Looks like
a heavy card stock.
Listen, man, I was way
out of line last night.
Ah, forget about it.
Apparently, that's
what happens on movie sets.
You creative types
get all defensive.
I realized
I rewrote that scene
to make myself...
...Lionel look better,
because I was feeling guilty.
- Guilty about what?
- I did some...
questionable things
in the past
to steal Fallon from you,
and I was just,
I don't know,
I guess I was just trying to
rewrite history or something.
Is that what this is about?
Okay, yeah, sure, you weren't
my favorite person back then.
But do you think
Fallon did anything
that she didn't want to do?
Say, if she heard you say
you stole her from me...
Yeah.
Yeah, you do make
a good point.
Hey, look. No offense
to your romantic skills,
but that woman ended up
with exactly
who she was meant to be with.
Just like we all will.
I appreciate you saying that.
And, hey, I got to say,
working together,
it's been a lot of fun.
It has.
Especially if I don't
have to tell Nina
that the writer
is demanding a reshoot.
No reshoot. We're wrapped.
Congrats, man.
Salud. Salud.
Good news. I got Sonya
to agree to get our
radar tower up to code
at 100 percent
over cost,
not 400.
What?
You talked to Sonya?
- I did.
- Without telling me?
That seems... strange.
But hey, that's a...
that's a good number,
so I'll sign off on it.
That's sweet, but I don't
need you to sign off.
I'm the largest stakeholder
in the company, remember?
The deal is done.
You should be thrilled, Blake.
Our airport will now
open on schedule.
Oh, and, um...
next time someone challenges
us to Rock Paper Scissors,
I'll play.
Well, let's just hope
there is no next time.
To PPA.
Sorry, not interested.
Understood. I-I'll just
apologize to the door.
Very loudly.
Fine. Come in.
Look, I never should have
involved you
in any Carrington
sibling drama, okay?
For some reason, Adam,
he just gets into my head
and I end up
doing crazy things.
I can certainly
- relate to that.
- And you were right.
I never should have shared
my feelings with you
five seconds before
you left for Milan, okay?
Especially because
you're with Charlie.
Can we just pretend that
that never happened?
Well, we could.
Except Charlie and I
are over now.
Oh... I'm sorry.
We decided that a client/rep
relationship was too exhausting
with all the extra
baggage, so...
strictly professional now.
Plus...
the whole time I
was in Milan...
...I couldn't stop thinking
about that kiss with you.
So, um, you're saying that
you don't think kissing me
was a huge mistake?
I'm just curious.
I don't know.
I guess there's
only one way to find out.
Maybe we should just do it,
like, one more time,
just to be sure.
Yes, this is Mrs. Colby.
Can you tell my driver
I no longer need him?
I've decided not to go
to the airport.
I don't understand.
Are you sure?
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Shouldn't you be getting
on a plane?
I was on my way
to the airport,
but realized that I needed
to say something to you
before I left.
That's so funny.
I was this close
to racing to the airport
to catch you
before you took off.
Really? Like a rom-com?
Were you gonna
get down on one knee
and ask me to marry you
at gate 31B?
Oh, I probably wouldn't have
gotten down on one knee.
Wait. You weren't really
going to propose, were you?
I was.
I know it's insane,
but it was out of fear
I was going to lose you.
Lose me? I was only going
- to be gone for a few weeks.
- I know.
And, um...
I realized that
I don't need to rush us.
If the timing is right,
we'll know.
I get it.
- It... You think I'm crazy.
- No.
I just think
the coincidence is crazy.
Stop it.
I can't...
...because what I came
back to say is...
will you marry me?
I think the time is right.
Right now.
You really want to spend
the rest of your life with me?
I can't imagine living
another day without you.
So what do you say?
Because my knee is
starting to lock up.
Of course I will marry you.
A thousand times yes.
I only need one.
- Hey.
The movie is wrapped
and I am ready to celebrate
this milestone
with the love of my life.
I feel like I haven't
seen you in forever.
- Where have you been all day?
- Well...
it's kind of long story.
And then, I went
to the doctor, and...
then I was just walking.
Is everything okay?
Well, I have
to tell you something.
I was just at the OBGYN
and...
I'm not pregnant.
I really thought that I was,
and the test said
that I was, but...
...my doctor told me
it was just a false positive.
Fallon...
Hey, I'm sorry.
It's okay. We'll just...
We'll keep trying
- And it will happen.
- Yeah, well...
That's the thing. No.
It won't happen.
My doctor...
...he said that because
of the scar tissue
from where I got shot...
I won't be able
to carry a baby.
Ever.